Hardware kit page refactoring (#392)
gamemanual0/gm0: source/docs/hardware-components/kit-and-hardware-guide/tetrix.rst

> Tetrix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TETRIX
```

======

.. attention::

>    Tetrix is generally not recommended for use, due to its restricted flexibility and long term reliability. We are retaining these pages as historical reference for teams that continue to have and use TETRIX parts.

Reviewer 2: lol

Author: You know, with robits on the horizon, fair.

>    Tetrix is generally not recommended for use, due to its restricted flexibility and long term reliability. We are retaining these pages as historical reference for teams that continue to have and use TETRIX parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   TETRIX is generally not recommended due to its restricted flexibility and low long-term reliability. This page serves as historical reference for teams that have and use TETRIX parts, but there is little reason to purchase them.
```
